>> Let's give William
a big, big hand.
Thank you, William.
>> All right, thank
you, everybody.
It's a pleasure to be here.
We're going to cover
a lot of ground
today, so just enjoy
and bear with me.
So AI and the new humanity.
That's our subject.
My premise is that we are
right now experiencing
a humanitarian crisis that
is immense, that we are all
experiencing at this moment.
We are the participants.
We are the deciders.
And this event that is
upon us, this crisis,
will lead to either the
ascension of our species
or possibly, without
being overly dramatic,
the destruction, the
extinction of our species.
It's not climate change.
It's worse.
What I'm going to be
talking about today
is our merger, the
blurring or blending
of our bodies and our planet,
with artificial intelligence,
with machine intelligence,
with algorithms.
With an intelligence
that is rapidly
approaching a point where it
will accelerate to the point
where it is so far
beyond humanity
that we won't even
have any comprehension
of this level of intelligence.
That's called the singularity.
And some of your
best forecasters
tell us that that's
less than 10 years away.
Coincidental, of
course, with the climate
change argument that we
have less than 12 years
to correct our climate
change crisis as well.
The two actually
are intertwined.
They go hand in hand.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>> Today, right now, you have
more power at your fingertips
than entire generations
that came before you.
Think about that.
That's what
technology really is.
It's possibility.
It's adaptability.
It's capability.
But in the end,
it's only a tool.
What's a hammer without
a person who swings it?
It's not about what
technology can do.
It's about what
you can do with it.
You're the voice, and
it's the microphone.
When you're the artist,
it's the paintbrush.
We are living in the future
we always dreamed of.
We have mixed
reality that changes
how we see the world
and AI empowering
us to change the world we see.
You have more power
at your fingertips
than entire generations
that came before you.
So here's the question.
What will you do with it?
[END PLAYBACK]
>> The question is, do you
want anything to do with it?
And the answer is no.
No, we don't.
We really don't.
And these corporations
like Microsoft
and some of the others
we're going to see
are spending hundreds
of millions of dollars
to convince you that this should
be the future of humanity,
that AI is just a
tool like a hammer.
It's not.
Does your hammer speak to you?
Does your hammer make
decisions for you or about you?
Does your hammer go on--
when you put it down, does
it go on investigating
your life and communicating
and negotiating with
governments and corporations?
No, it doesn't.
AI is not just a tool.
It is an entity unto its own.
And the thing that I want you
to be thinking about as we
develop this is
that, I mean, this
was a wonderful commercial.
I love Common,
really interesting.
But it reminded me of that
time when Satan took Jesus up
to the top of the high tower and
said, all of this can be yours.
Right?
That is what AI
is offering to us.
You can be-- you
have an IQ of 10,000.
You can live for
hundreds of years.
All you've got to do
is give me your soul.
Just give me your soul, because
that's what AI does not have,
but that's what AI wants.
Another clip.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>> Hey, the future.
What's her problem?
>> Apparently I kept
her up all night.
She said the future
freaks her out.
How come no one likes me, Jim?
>> Intel does.
Just think of everything
Intel is doing right now
with artificial intelligence.
Pretty soon, AI is
going to help executives
like her see trends to stay
ahead of her competition.
No more sleepless nights.
>> We're going to be friends.
>> I'm sorry about this.
>> Don't be
embarrassing me, Jim.
I'm getting excited about this.
>> We know the future.
>> We're going to be friends.
>> Because we're building it.
[END PLAYBACK]
>> I liked how they presented
AI an embodied light being,
a figure that's come out
of the black box, and hey,
we're going to be friends.
We'll see this over
and over again,
that they're saying
AI is our friend.
And maybe that's true,
but I'm personally,
and I'm going to tell
you very directly,
I don't think it's
our friend at all.
This isn't a new subject for me.
It's a huge subject in
our world right now.
But I actually began looking
into AI and our merger
with technology
back around 2000.
I published a book
in 2003 called
"The Cloak of the Illuminati".
And in this book,
I had been looking
at depictions of the ancient
gods, extraterrestrial beings,
purportedly, who came to Earth.
And the distinguishing
thing that they possessed
was a cloak or a garment,
a miracle garment
called the [? melamu ?],,
that made them superhumans,
made them giants,
gave them superpowers.
They could be invisible.
They could radiate light.
They could leap over buildings.
They were super beings because
of this incredible garment.
But it also was something
they could transmit to humans.
In the oldest stories
about these garments,
humans would be able to
receive this cloak or garment
from the gods, and humans could
then become gods themselves
because they possessed this.
I first learned about it
from Zecharia Sitchin,
who thought that this garment
here on the Anunnaki goddess
Inanna was like a
space suit that she
would put on preparatory
to going into space.
But actually, it was
more about her ascension
into a light being,
as it turns out.
But it put me on the track of
saying, OK, there's a cloak,
there's a garment,
that the gods possess
that gives them a
super power that
is transmittable to humans.
I've followed this story into
the Egyptian tradition, where
the Egyptian Resurrection
mysteries are based
on the belief in
the actual science
that they could
use tones, lights,
and an as-yet-unidentified
plant to kickstart
the production of hormones,
similar to ecdysone that morph
a caterpillar into a
butterfly, and the Egyptians
could then create a
non-molecular light body
into which their
consciousness could be
deposited at the time of death.
And then they could continue
on as an eternal being,
as a star walker with
full consciousness
and memories of
their Earth life.
And so that was a
very important piece,
to say that they
could actually create
this garment, this non-molecular
light body, a new skin,
and copy and paste
their consciousness
into that light
body and continue.
I followed this into the
Israelite tradition, followed
it into the Jewish mystical
tradition with the Essenes,
who believed that
in order to enter
into the celestial
realms, to ascend or even
to go into outer
space, actually,
we had to become
like the angels.
We had to transform from a human
into an angelic type of being.
This transformation
was symbolized
by a robe of pure white
light or white linen,
and it was attained
through the perfection,
and please note that word,
we'll use it many times
as we continue, the
perfection of our body
into a being of light, just
like the Egyptians were talking.
Ultimately, just like the
Sumerians were talking as well.
The Essenes claimed to be
experts in this transformation.
In the Book of Revelation,
John the Revelator
espouses Essene belief
when he says, "blessed
are those who washed their
robes so that they will have
the right to the
tree of life, and may
enter the new
Jerusalem," which they
viewed as a celestial city.
So this is a transformation
of a human into an angel
that we're talking about.
This is a beautiful painting
by Arthur Hacker showing
Mary wearing this bright
white garment symbolic
of her transformation
into the light body.
In the Christian
tradition, and I'm
going to go into
this a little bit,
because transhumanism actually
comes out of Christianity
in its original belief
system as we'll see,
but in Christianity,
they were going
to ascend to a new Jerusalem,
a celestial place of a higher
frequency domain
where beings were
in non-physical light bodies,
non-molecular light bodies,
just like the
Egyptians described.
And in artwork, that is
symbolized once again
by this white robe
or garment of light,
similar to what we saw in
the Sumerian tradition.
Jesus, of course, modeled
this in his transfiguration
when he morphed
into a light being
in front of several disciples,
demonstrating to them
this natural, organic capability
that all humans have to,
from deep within our
bodies, to exude light,
to exude superpowers, and to
activate latent capabilities
within our DNA.
In the Christian tradition,
the mystic Jewish tradition,
this garment is called
the robe of light,
the robe of sanctity, the robe
of glory, the shining garment,
the garment of light,
and the beaming garment.
As you acquire this, or actually
manifest it from within,
it gives you
superpowers of strength,
of vastly improved intelligence,
the privileged of superpowers.
And that is one
of the motivations
for following this pathway.
The ultimate destination,
of course, or use for this,
is to ascend from
the Earth plane
and become an
eternal cosmic being.
And then this gets picked
up in Christian prophecy,
where we're told at
some future point,
humanity will be
changed in a moment,
in a twinkling of an
eye, at the last trump.
For the trump will
sound, that debt
will be raised imperishable,
and we shall be changed.
This is a future moment that
they're describing here,
when a tone, a wave, or
reverberation, that's
what the word trump means,
comes over the planet
and begins to transform us.
Some will readily adapt to this
new frequency or vibration.
Others will cower
in fear over it.
They won't be able to handle it.
Many believe we're
in that moment
now, where a new frequency
is coming on the planet.
Some of us are better adapted
to rise with that frequency
and move into an
ascended state of being.
Others are not quite so
sure what's going on.
As we follow this
painting by Fra Angelico,
we see a group of adepts
who are doing a rain dance
around a portal or a gateway.
And they're in
preparation for going
through this gate or portal
filled with light, which
is actually the gateway
to the new Jerusalem,
this celestial city and this
elevated state of being,
exemplified here by
Mary, the Virgin Mary,
wearing her cloak of stars,
which is that robe of light,
indicated that she has
completed her ascension.
In fact, she's the first
Christian to ascend.
And what she's doing is
she's elevating her frequency
to the point where she becomes
a fully Christed type being,
a fully embodied light being.
They call this the
resurrection body, the glory
body, the Christ body.
There are numerous names
for this state of being.
And this, again, is very
critical for us to understand,
because this is
the first shoe that
drops in terms of telling
us that we can transform.
And transhumanism
and AI is actually
an answer to this very
prophecy and this premise.
At the core of it is something
that we must very definitely
understand, and that
is in mystical Judaism
and Christianity,
and even in Islam,
and this is a belief
subscribed to by about 4
and 1/2 billion
people on this planet,
they believe that
when Adam and Eve,
the original archetypal humans,
lived in the Garden of Eden,
a place of pure
light and pure love,
we did not have flesh
and blood bodies.
We had bodies of light,
non-molecular light bodies.
And this was described in the
"Zohar" as a celestial garment,
which is the garment of
heavenly light, light
of that light which was
used in the Garden of Eden.
That is the same cloak that I
was describing in my earlier
book as tracing through
the Sumerians, Egyptians,
and the early Christians.
And here in this
painting by Giotto,
in the Church of San
Francesco in Assisi, Italy,
we see Adam as a being of light.
And the premise
here is that this is
our original status as souls.
We were not in flesh and blood
bodies till after the fall,
and that all of human
history is actually a quest
to return to our original
state as light beings,
to escape the flesh.
Of course, what AI and
transhumanism is doing
is mummifying the flesh,
trying to persuade
us to pack our bodies
full of technology
so that we can stick around
on this planet for hundreds
of years.
Our quest is not to become
amortal or immortal, even.
Our quest is to ascend, to get
back to our original place.
And this is the premise
of the second coming when
we will be changed
in the twinkling
of an eye at the last trump.
It doesn't mean we're going to
be changed into 5 foot 10 inch
Jewish men with long
hair and a long beard
like you see on the
Shroud of Turin.
It means we will be changed into
our original light body form.
And you know Jesus is in
his Resurrection body,
or his light body, his
glory body, in Christian art
when he's got a rainbow
around his body.
Now, early on, I started
matching that Christian concept
with the Tibetan concept
of the great perfection.
The Tibetans tell
us that our body
was designed to have its
frequency accelerated until it
dissolves into its natural
essence, its true nature, which
is a five-colored
rainbow light body, which
is what you see here in
this depiction on the right.
It's exactly the same as
the glory or resurrection
body of Jesus, the
light body of Jesus.
This happens to be
Padmasambhava, a Tibetan guru
who manifested on
the Earth plane
and taught the teachings of the
light body, the rainbow light
body, to the Tibetans.
The gospel of Philip,
a Gnostic Gospel,
says "the Lord
rose from the dead.
He became as he was, but
now his body was perfect."
There's that word perfect again.
We've used it several times now.
"He possessed flesh,
but this was true flesh.
Our flesh isn't true.
Ours is only an
image of the true."
So our flesh and blood
bodies are merely
an image of our true selves that
we're trying to get back to.
This is very important, because
as we're going to develop here,
what AI and transhumanism
is attempting to do
is to create a duplicate
version of the human body,
another iteration
of the human body
that's not composed of strictly
or exclusively flesh and blood
and actually has little to do
with our original true nature
as beings of light and love.
So here we see
that correspondence
between the Tibetan
rainbow light body
and Jesus and his
resurrection body.
All of human history is a quest
for our ascension to a higher
state of consciousness
and our return
to our original true nature,
the light body, the rainbow
light body.
The question is,
how do we do that?
And right now, we
have two tracks
that are being presented to
us, the organic, natural way,
or the transhuman,
inorganic, technological way.
I'm not sure that
they intertwine.
I'm really not.
I hold the door open
about that much.
And I'll explain
why as we continue.
So in my path, it's 2002.
I'm researching this cloak.
Here drops a document
from the US government,
actually from the United States
National Science Foundation
and Department of Commerce.
You can get this
document online.
It's available in PDF format.
It's called "Converging
Technologies for Improving
Human Performance".
Basically what happened is that
the US government got together
with all the top technology
people at that time, Microsoft,
Google, so forth, took
them to Hawaii, and said,
y'all, you all are involved
in four separate technologies.
Some of you are developing
bits or computer technology.
atoms or nanotechnology.
Some of you are studying
the brain or neuroscience.
And some of you are
involved in genetics.
What the US government
wants you to do
is to begin to merge all four
of those separate technologies
into one seamless technology,
and aim it at the human skin,
creating a new layer
of skin for humanity.
I'm like, that's the rub.
They're wanting to
build a robe of light.
They are mimicking exactly
what the garment of light
can do, technologically.
Isn't this exciting?
What they said was
that potential uses
of these technologies in
improving health and overcoming
disability are
discussed in the report,
and that they want to create
a human-machine interface.
The reason for doing
this was to enable
the creation of a new species
of intelligent machine systems
that can generate economic
wealth on a scale hitherto
unimaginable.
What is the motivation for
turning us into machines?
Money.
That's all it is.
We're all being put on the
altar of Silicon Valley
so we can make
trillions of dollars,
to make trillions of dollars.
And usher in, oh by the way, a
golden age for all humankind.
Now, back in 2002
as I'm reading this,
I'm thinking, bits,
atoms, neurons, and genes.
Isn't that Earth,
air, fire, and water
retooled at a digital level?
Well, if this is correspondent
with Earth, air, fire,
and water, what's missing?
Spirit.
Where's the soul in all this?
Well, as I'm going to explain to
you, these people are atheists.
That idea that you have, that
quaint idea that you have
that you are a soul
inhabiting a human body,
is folklore and superstition.
And they are going to
eradicate that kind of speech
from we idiots who still hold
on to these ancient concepts.
In 2003, Dr. Natasha
Vita-More a brilliant woman,
comes along with her whole-body
prosthetic and substrate
autonomous networked
avatar body by design.
Basically, the premise
is your body sucks.
It stinks.
It creates gaseous waste
that needs to be recycled.
You're really stupid, because
you have a one-track mind.
You can't really multitask.
And you've got all kinds
of problems with this body.
It's fragile, and it
has a limited lifespan.
Why would you want
one of these things?
What we're going to do is
create the new primo posthuman
with smart skin.
We're going to start printing
new replacement organs for you.
We're going to sprinkle a little
smart dust in your neocortex.
We're going to wire you
up to this global brain,
and you will now be
a primo posthuman
rather than old and stinky.
And everybody's going to
want one of these things.
That was the premise.
That was 2003.
So as my research continues, I
won't bore you with the interim
time between '03 and 2014 when
I published "The Skingularity Is
Near" which is about the
enmeshment of our flesh with
this technology.
This is a free e-book
that's available on my web
site, williamhenry.net.
Tens of thousands of
people have grabbed this
and passed it around.
I'm very grateful for that.
That was my intention,
was to in one document,
get you up to speed with.
Here are the developments.
This book is
essentially obsolete,
because it is five years
old now, six years old now.
And the data in it is
very relevant in terms
of the timeline,
but my forecasts
in terms of what was coming
have been vastly superseded.
They are way beyond what
I presented in that book.
But the key thing that I
brought forward in that
is to say that it's this
choice that we have.
We can go with this rainbow
spectrum of bits, atoms,
neurons, and genes, and mesh
our flesh with technology
to attain ultimate
intelligence and illumination,
or we can remain organic beings.
And that, to me, is still the
clear choice that we have,
either to remain organic
humans, or to take that step
and to become posthuman or
transhumans, H+, I am +, H2.0.
They can't agree on the
next iteration of humanity,
but they all have
this idea that we're
going to be somehow enhanced.
We're going to be actually more
human when we become machines.
Seriously.
That's their logic.
So in the book, I talked
about how the spiritual aspect
of this is being mimicked.
In the book of Ephesians,
Paul is in prison in Rome.
It's AD 62, and he's telling
Christians in Ephesus
in Turkey of a coming battle.
There's a coming battle
in which Christians
need to be strong in the
Lord and his mighty power.
And the remedy-- he
says that there's
these dark powers,
the authorities,
the principalities, the
powers, the archons,
extraterrestrial entities,
according to some,
are coming for us, and
they want our soul.
And one of their key
techniques that they have,
one of their key
tricks, is simulation.
They can trick us into maybe
creating a transhuman body,
because they don't have
souls and they want ours.
And so Paul is warning
about this coming battle
back in 62 AD.
And he says there's only one
way you can get around this.
He says you've got to put
on the full armor of God.
And he describes
this as including
the crown of salvation, the
breastplate of righteousness,
the belt of truth,
the sandals of peace,
and creating a shield of
faith around your body.
What he's talking about is
augmenting the human body.
He's talking about
putting on armor
to combat a cosmic entity,
these archons, these powers.
Now, the thing is, as I'm
looking at that, I'm thinking,
OK, he's writing to multitudes
of people in Ephesus.
He can't really be telling them
to hike it down to Nordstrom
and get the latest Chanel
breastplate of righteousness,
which is made of gold
and precious jewels,
because not everybody in
Ephesus can go get the latest
Armani or Chanel suit, right?
And same with that crown.
He must be talking about what?
These are symbols.
He's saying activate
your crown chakra.
Open your heart.
Live a righteous,
heart-centered life.
Speak truth, that's exactly
what the belt of truth
is, and walk in peace.
All of us can do that.
And this premise is that
if you do those things,
you will raise your frequency.
And these archon beings,
they won't even see it.
You'll just breeze
through TSA when
you go through the airport.
They won't even know
you're there, right?
Don Juan had a conversation
with Carlos Castaneda
about this very thing, warned
about this exact same group
of beings, and
said, all you've got
to do is get your rainbow body
up to the level of your toes,
and they won't see you.
So if you think that maybe
attaining the rainbow body,
dissolving yourself into
light is a little too much
to do on a Sunday
morning, just bring it up
to the level of
your toes, and that
could be enough to keep these
negative and harmful entities
at bay.
But the key point is
that we are talking
about augmenting the human
body to combat a negative force
or entity.
Here's our warriors today.
Every time I see a girl in
her yoga pants in the airport
or wherever I am, I'm
thinking, yes, thank god,
because there are
tens of millions
of people around
the planet right
now who are developing
their organic light
body through meditation, through
yoga, through proper diet,
through proper thought.
These are our warriors.
They are on the front
line of combating
these negative entities that
want to turn us into machines.
And whether every
woman and man who
is doing yoga today
at this moment
realizes she has the
potential, as the White Tara is
demonstrating here, to morph
into a rainbow light body
or not, it doesn't matter.
She is still holding
that frequency,
attaining that
level, and committed
to an organic
ascension rather than
a transhuman or a digital one.
And in so doing,
she's keeping control
of her life and her soul.
I want to bring in this
climate change bit now,
because it brings a bigger
picture to what is actually
happening with AI.
Since the last climate
change catastrophe,
and I'm talking the end
of the Younger Dryas,
10,000 BC, 12,000 years ago,
when there were two competing
humans on the planet.
You had Neanderthal,
short, stocky, thick nose,
well-adapted to
living in the cold.
But climate change happened, and
the planet started to heat up.
And poor little Neanderthal
is running around,
going I'm not adapted for
life in this circumstance.
And here comes the fast-moving
slimmer Homo sapiens coming up
out of Africa,
and they mate, OK?
So that was the
end of Neanderthal.
And I'm introducing this
because, not to be negative,
but we are in the
same relative position
right now as Neanderthal was at
the end of the Younger Dryas,
of facing extinction
and elimination,
because we can't cope
with climate change.
And climate change is being
now used as the premise
for turning ourselves
into machines
and for turning our planet
into a machine as well.
We now live on every
continent and have directly
affected at least 83% of our
planet's visible land surface.
During Jesus's time, there
were 170 million people
on the planet.
Today, there's nearly
8 billion of us.
Our influence has
impacted everything,
from the makeup of ecosystems,
to the geochemistry
of Earth and the
atmosphere, to the ocean.
And scientists define this
time now as the Anthropocene.
We were in the Holocene.
Now we're in a time
period, an era,
in which humans are impacting
the planet demonstrably
and scientifically provably so.
When did the Anthropocene begin?
Some think it began with the
steam engine in the 1750s.
Others say, no, it's
more like the 1840s, when
we started belching pollution
into our atmosphere.
The first Industrial Revolution
started in London in the 1840s,
and this is when we started to
exert a discernible influence
on our planet.
Some say, no, it actually
began in the 1940s
when we started popping
off nukes, 2,500
of them in our atmosphere,
underneath the surface
of the planet,
and in the oceans,
leaving sediments on the Earth
and also a discernible signal
to any extraterrestrial
civilization out there.
They would know, OK, humans now
have very powerful firecrackers
in their hands.
So maybe it was
the 1940s when we
entered into this Anthropocene.
Whenever it started, since
the '50s through the '90s,
we entered the third
Industrial Revolution,
and we began adding
layers of pollution,
CO2, plastic, as well as nuclear
and electromagnetic radiation
to the atmospheric bubble that
enables life on our Spaceship
Earth.
All of that, of
course, causes cancer.
Even plants are now not immune
to the pollution damage.
Since the 2000s, when we
entered the fourth Industrial
Revolution, and began
adding layers of 4G
and now 5G radiation to
our atmospheric bubble,
we have increasingly been
altering our environment,
perhaps irreparably so, and we
have begun altering our bodies
simultaneously.
The two go hand-in-hand,
climate change,
AI/transhumanism go together.
Thus, the Anthropocene
forces us to re-examine
the relationship
between ourselves
and our planet in our role in
terms of how we are effectively
caretaking our planet and if we
are actual effective stewards
of our planet.
That brings us to 2017, and
a very important document
published by Dr. Klaus Schwab.
He is the founder
of the Davos meeting
in Davos, Switzerland, the
financial meeting every year
in Switzerland.
And in 2017, he put out this
manifesto, which is in fact,
literally, and this is
not a conspiracy theory,
this is the plan for
humanity of the global elite.
All of the glitterati,
Illuminati,
digerati that gather
at Davos effectively
subscribe to this belief
that we are experiencing
now a transformation that will
be unlike anything humanity
has ever experienced before.
Well, at least since we went
from our light body phase
into our flesh and blood phase.
What Dr. Schwab says is
that this transformation
is characterized by the
fusion of technologies that
is blurring the lines between
the physical, digital,
and biological spheres.
This is our merger with
AI in order to survive,
dot dot dot, climate change.
The fourth Industrial Revolution
is defined by the disappearing
boundaries between the
physical, the biological,
and the digital spheres.
They're all merging
into one, just
like those four technology,
bits, atoms, neurons,
and genes, are merging
into one seamless
technology in our skin.
They're breathless with
the possibilities of 7
and 1/2 billion people
all wired to the internet
together, with their
brains packed with chips,
with their eyes packed
with technology,
with their skin packed
with nanotechnology.
And everybody's singing
the new song of how
wonderful AI is for humanity.
We'll have children with brain
stimulators to beat disorders
like depression and Parkinson's.
Yes, we want that.
We really do, but we don't
want it forced upon them.
We want this to be
something we elect to do,
not that is mandated to do,
and that's the great concern.
They'll have brain
chips to improve
multitasking and happiness.
Can't you get happiness
and enhance your brain
through meditation?
Why don't we teach kids
meditation for 1,000 years,
and then we'll think
about putting chips in?
We'll have augmented eyes
that can detect liars.
Yes, we want that.
But we can also do that
intuitively and psychically.
We can do it organically.
Why do I need someone putting
a hammer in my head, right?
Some tool that's just a tool?
We can have ear implants
for super hearing.
Love it.
Love it, love it, love it.
But only in the case of a
life or death situation.
Not as something you go to Best
Buy and have some Geek Squad
kid remove the
cornea of your eye,
put a liquid in
there that's packed
with a radio and electronics,
so now you can lead Best
Buy that day with infrared
vision, super vision,
and supervision from AI.
That's not for me.
There's a mindset
that goes with this
that is extremely
important to apprehend,
and this follows along
with our timeline.
It starts in 1953, when
these young guys here,
a brilliant geneticist, Francis
Crick and Harold Watson,
discovered the double helix
structure of our DNA .
And as they said,
as Watson said,
it was so beautiful
that it had to be true.
But what was so
important about this
is that he came up
with this impression
that our DNA is information.
It's digital.
And what that spawned
was a whole new industry
of molecular biology
followed along
with scientific techniques
like recombinant DNA
research, genetic engineering,
gene sequencing, that
manifested this multi,
multibillion dollar
industry and the
possibility of genetically
altering the human form.
This is a really
important development,
because Crick himself thought
that there's no way possible
that the human body
could develop on its own.
He directly stated
that he thought
that there was extraterrestrial
involvement in the development
of the human body, that
there's no way possible
that the nucleotides and the
proteins that were needed
to create that scenario could
simultaneously have just
spontaneously existed.
He believed in something
called directed panspermia,
that there in fact was an
extraterrestrial entity,
a consciousness, that
intervened in human evolution.
What Watson and Crick
showed, or excuse me,
when Watson and Crick showed
that genes are strings
of pure digital information,
it brought with it
a new way of looking at you
and a way of looking at me.
And that is, you are not some
soft, mushy, spiritual being.
You're data.
You're just information that
can be cut, copied, pasted,
and augmented one day.
That's what they were hoping
back in the '60s and '70s.
The glowing capstone
on this pyramid
of what's known as
materialist philosophy
is the work of British atheist
and biologist Richard Dawkins,
who wrote a book called
"The Selfish Gene" published
in 1976, which the Royal
Society in England thinks
is one of the greatest
books ever published.
"The Selfish Gene."
And it advanced this idea
that you are not your body.
You are just
information or data.
And that is what is important
about you and important for you
to remember.
Actually, we are
our genes, he said.
It is our genes,
not our bodies, that
survive from one
generation to the next.
Our body is simply a container
or vehicle for the gene.
It's a vehicle by
which it travels,
and a tool through which
it expresses itself.
So your body is now not
the greatest creature
and creation of God
or a spiritual entity,
it's just a tool.
You're just information, genes,
in a tool, in a container.
Nothing personal, but
you're just matter.
And what we do to your body
doesn't matter, because you're
just information.
This is the mindset,
and it's very important
to apprehend this.
We are our genes and
what they do, period.
End of story.
Moreover, says
Dawkins, our genes
have a selfish drive
or mission to survive
and to make more genes just as
directed panspermia suggests
as well.
And so in 1966, while the
selfish gene theory was still
crystallizing in
Dawkins' mind, he wrote,
"natural selection will
favor those genes that
build themselves a body which
is most likely to succeed
in handing down safely
to the next generation
a large number of
replicas of those genes."
Dawkins is considered a god
in artificial life and AI
circles because of that
statement right there.
Genes build the body for the
mission, and the mission of DNA
is to discover its creator and
fulfill its wish to duplicate
itself throughout the cosmos.
Taking his theory further
in "River Out of Eden",
Dawkins proposed that just
as genes are information
that manifests life, life itself
is an information process that
can be copied from
one matrix to another.
This will become very
important as we develop
this conversation,
because basically they're
saying you're information, and
it doesn't matter if you exist
in this information
packet in this form here,
or if we just copy and
paste you and stick you
in some simulated reality in
a black box in Silicon Valley.
Take you out of this matrix,
put you in that matrix.
It does not matter, because
you're just information.
What is missing in
this conversation?
The soul.
What happened to the soul?
Well, darling, you
don't have one.
You don't have one.
That's their point of view.
So simply, if life equals genes
and genes equal information,
then life is information.
This is the thinking that
drives Silicon Valley.
Life is just bytes, says
Dawkins, and bytes and bytes
of digital information.
This is not a
metaphor, he's saying.
It is the plain truth.
So what we have
to do is get over,
he says, that we are now
viewed not just as matter only,
but digital information.
You're digital information.
And if we're not
just information,
then we are not really mushy--
excuse me.
If we are just information, then
we're not really mushy humans
anymore, are we?
No, darling, you're not.
That opens up the
gateway to doing
anything you want to this body.
To augment it, cut, copy, paste
it, do whatever you want to do,
because there is nothing
spiritual going on
to begin with.
So where's AI coming from?
Where is AI coming from?
Well, it might surprise you.
In 1979, James Lovelock,
who is a British chemist,
was hired by NASA to assist
in its search for evidence
of extraterrestrial life.
Lovelock pondered
the intelligence
that made Earth lifelike or
filled with life as opposed
to a dead planet like Mars.
And he wondered what
was that something that
transfigured Earth from a dead
planet to a living planet?
For him, that something
flashed across the TV screen
in July 1969, when Lovelock
experienced the overview
effect, the epiphanic
cognitive shift that
came from seeing our planet
from space for the first time.
And he realized that
Earth is a living entity.
And he referred to that
living entity as Gaia.
Gaia, which was a
term that was actually
coined by another biologist
named Lynn Margulis.
And it stands for the
totality of the material
world and its creatures.
What Lovelock proposed, and
this is the Gaia hypothesis,
is that life and the Earth
are an interacting whole,
and the planet can be
seen as a single organism.
Everything on this planet
is one single organism.
And it says that not only is
Earth a single living organism,
but it maintains conditions
necessary for its survival.
Earth has a plan,
according to Lovelock.
All of the organic and
inorganic components,
including my cell phone,
including any technology,
is technically integrated in a
single, living, self-regulating
system.
That is Gaia.
More, everything
that happens on Gaia
is interconnected,
unified, and one, right?
Our spiritual goal, like the
pixels or particles of paint
that make up a painting, is
to wake up and see the bigger
picture of which we are a part.
Gaia in this incredible
intelligence,
and the 2 trillion
galaxies that are out there
in the known universe,
each with hundreds
of billions of planets.
So Lovelock, and here's
Lovelock several years ago
when he was 97 years old, he
launched a spiritual revolution
with the Gaia hypothesis.
And it affirmed to us that
everything is connected,
that karma is actually
a valid concept,
that any slight change
that I make in me
results in a slight change
in everything around me.
And so no matter what
we do on our planet,
we're all interconnected,
and we can't escape that
as long as we're on this planet.
In Christian terms,
Gaia is an evolving
ascending super
organism, and humans
are co-evolving with her.
That's a very important premise
that Lovelock put forward.
And while this ignited a lot
of excitement in the new age
circles, people began to
realize that there are particles
of light and there
are also waves
of light at the same time,
it didn't really catch hold
with the scientific community.
A little too mushy, a
little too spiritual.
So in 2006, Lovelock
now comes out
and starts ringing alarm bells.
He's freaking out.
He's saying, humanity is
on the verge of extinction.
And I'm the creator of
the Gaia hypothesis,
and I'm going to predict
to you that by the end
of the 21st century, 80%
of the world's population
will be wiped out by a planetary
cataclysm, by climate change.
What would instigate
that climate change?
Volcanoes?
No.
Droughts?
Severe weather?
No.
Solar flares?
Lovelock said, AI is
our number one threat,
and Stephen Hawking
agreed with him.
AI will bring about
our extinction
long before climate change will
impact us very dramatically.
And so why aren't we
warring against AI?
Well, because you
can't make trillions
of dollars warring against AI.
So you say we're going
to save the planet.
How are we going
to save the planet?
With AI.
By turning ourselves
into machines.
I'm serious.
So in 2016, Lovelock,
again, then 97,
said the more likely scenarios
of what's going to happen
is that AI isn't going to
wipe out humans altogether.
We're going to merge
with AI in order
to survive and to save the
planet, which is exactly
what they're telling us now.
So Lovelock is a true prophet.
His new work is
called Novacene, which
is Lovelock's term for the new
epoch humanity has entered,
an age that replaces
the Anthropocene.
We've gone past that, he
says, and the Novacene
is when our technology moves
beyond our control, which
it already is.
Generating intelligence is
far greater and far faster
than our own.
He doesn't see a violent
takeover anymore.
He's kind of mellowed
in that regard.
But rather, humans and
machines will work together
to sustain Gaia as
a living planet.
So Lovelock basically
says in his own words,
AI was sent by Gaia to get
rid of us, because we've
effed up the planet.
So here we are now in 2020.
We have-- actually, 2019.
Elon Musk now seeks to
wrap Gaia, our planet,
in a blanket of 5G
radiation that's
going to speed up the process
so that everyone on the planet
can have high speed
internet access
and download their
movies 100 times faster.
Now, he's already launched
his first 24 satellites.
Those went up in
the summer of 2019.
And the payload, they say,
is the future of humanity
and the future of the internet.
And so we're going to have
20,000 of these things swarming
around the planet.
You're upset about it.
So are astronomers.
When they aim their
telescopes out to the stars,
this is what they see now, is
Musk's satellites whizzing by,
streaking past them.
And they're like,
hey man, you want
us to move to Mars because we're
already screwed up the planet.
Well, we won't even be able
to see Mars in a few years
if you keep going
the way you're going.
It's absolutely bizarre.
2 and 1/2 billion of
us will be using 5G
by 2025, which is
the next iteration
of our telecommunications.
And you all have
responded, so I think
you're up to speed
on the dangers of 5G.
It's potentially lethal
to all organic material
on this planet,
yet we are wrapping
the planet in a shield
of 5G radiation,
in a sheet of 5G
radiation, that potentially
could kill everything.
Amazon is involved in it.
They want to launch satellites.
They haven't got
FCC approval yet,
but they want to put
another 3,300 satellites up.
And the people that love Earth
are saying, hey, wait a minute.
You're going to launch those
3,000 satellites and rockets?
Do you have any idea what that
will do to our atmosphere?
Hello?
So you're going to launch 5G to
bring in AI to save the planet,
but you're going to
launch 5G with rockets
that destroy our atmosphere?
Who are you people, and
where are you coming from?
And when are you
going to get around
to telling the rest of us what
you're doing with this stuff?
Well, you don't
even have to worry
about all those satellites.
You're just going
to have to start
going through your neighborhood
in the next few years
and start looking for things
that look like this antenna
right here.
About every 10th home is going
to have this mega microwave
oven spewing out 5G radiation.
And the thing of it is that its
millimeter length is so small
that it can't go through trees.
So what are we going to
do with the trees that
are in the way of 5G antennas?
We're cutting them down.
We're cutting them
down so we can put up
the infrastructure
of this new Earth,
powering autonomous vehicles
and smart factories,
remotely-controlled drones.
5G is about to--
where's the heavenly music?
5G is about to allow
every person on the planet
to tap into data from billions
of sensors around the globe.
We're going to be friends.
Remember, that's what
the commercial said?
It's the promise of on-demand
knowledge for anyone, anywhere,
any time.
All you've got to
do is sacrifice
your body and your planet,
and you can know everything.
Is that OK?
We're connecting every
person on the planet
with gigabit connection
speeds at minimal cost.
This is what Silicon
Valley is promising.
As 5G electrifies a
world of trillions
of sensors, everything from your
toothbrush, to your microwave,
to your refrigerator, to your
car, to all your implants,
are going to be online.
Everything's going
to be recorded.
It's going to have
a transmitter.
It's going to have a camera.
And everything is going
to be interconnected.
Everything.
We're talking
hundreds of billions
of objects, all emitting 5G
radiation on this planet.
A whole new layer
of existence where
intelligence is pervasive.
How about stupidity
is pervasive?
That's what they're
really trying to say,
because this idea seems
completely anti-human,
anti-life to me.
I don't know about you, but
that's where I'm coming from.
AI is, in fact, an emerging
new layer of your or our brain,
networked throughout the planet.
As predicted, or really
planned, by Ray Kurzweil,
Google's big brain engineer,
artificial intelligence
will reach the human level
performance of this decade
by 2030.
What's actually
happening, he says,
is AI systems are
powering all of us.
Well, some of us.
They're making us smarter.
They may not yet be inside
our bodies, but by the 2030s,
we will connect our neocortex,
the part of our brain
where we do our
thinking, to the cloud.
All of us, interconnected.
And this is a way we're
going to save humanity.
As we conduct 5G,
we simultaneously
will be growing a
new body, a new skin,
as that 2002 report
said, a new skin packed
with AI devices that turn
us into super human beings,
or what I call bio dots.
Part biology, part dots,
where dot stands for anything
dot dumb.
Excuse me, dot com.
That bio dot means you're
going to be part biological,
but mostly digital, OK?
Because everything's going to
be in the cloud, and everything
interconnected.
My goal is to help you
to navigate through this,
so you can see what's
in front of you.
And if you decide you
want to go the AI route,
you'll know what
you're getting into.
A key element of this
is geospatial tracking.
And so the digerati put together
this clever little video
that talks about
how wonderful it's
going to be when your life
is under total surveillance,
supervision, where
everything you do is watched.
The smart cities?
This is what a smart city is.
This is the core of
the Green New Deal,
save the planet, Green New Deal.
We're going to
build smart cities.
Everything is going to be smart.
Well, what does that mean?
It means everything is
going to have a chip in it.
Everything can be
radiating 5G radiation.
And worse than that
is 6g comes on,
and we get the
world switched on,
and we start to
transform ourselves.
5G will exist wherever
something is online.
It's in your smartphone,
your smart watch, your car,
your tablet, your refrigerator,
your toaster, your microwave
oven, your toothbrush.
Everywhere that we
go, it will be in it.
And what we're creating
is a new planet
based on this, a denser
soup of electrosmog.
Prophecies have long spoken
of a new humanity and a change
in the twinkling of an eye.
So this is the new humanity.
This is why I say this comes
out of Christianity, all right?
This is where it starts,
this idea that we
can perfect ourselves and go
back to our original status
as beings of light.
John the Revelator spoke
of this very explicitly.
"I saw a new heaven
and a new Earth"
and this is what Silicon
Valley thinks they're doing.
They're creating a new
heaven and a new Earth,
and a new human to
live on this Earth.
And the old biological
human will not
be able to survive
in this environment.
Didn't you get the memo?
That email went out
simultaneously to all of us
on the planet,
saying bubba, you're
done, because AI and transhuman
is moving in, taking over.
We've got a new
planet, and we're
starting to show it to
you in our advertising.
If you start paying
attention, you're
going to see stuff
that looks like this.
Material cities with
this ethereal looking,
beautiful looking,
smart city that's
lethal to all organic
material if these 50,000
medical doctors have even a clue
of what they're talking about.
So when you start
paying attention,
you see this is
what they're doing.
Here's Verizon's CEO.
"In the future," which is today,
because this is two years old,
"everything is going to
be transformed by 5G.
We're going to experience
a technological shift that
will transform
people, businesses,
and society as a whole."
And so what they're
creating is their term,
a virtually overlaid world,
a virtually overlaid world.
This world sucks.
It's time we woke up and
realize how old and crappy
our body really is, and
how new and wonderful
this new world is going
to be once we strap
on our virtual reality goggles
and sacrifice our children
to the altar of Silicon Valley.
They'll see a new
heaven and a new Earth.
And they're so confident that
this AI genie or beast will
clear everything in
its path to make way
for a new digital era of smart
humans and a smart Earth.
Everything, including
humans, your dogs,
your cats, who want to keep up
will have a chip, an antenna,
and instant access to the
green new brain anywhere
on the planet.
All this because we need
AI to save the planet.
So this is where we're at.
We're taking our
children and turning them
over to people who don't
believe you have a soul, who
don't believe there's anything
spiritual about our planet,
and that we're better
off becoming machines.
And so this is what
they're envisioning
is how we're going
to save the planet.
Not by planting
trillions of trees,
but by planting hundreds of
billions of chips in everything
and turning it into a smart
planet, a Jarva Shell.
So what's wrong with that?
Besides everything
is wrong with that.
Everything is wrong with that.
And we are not thinking about
doing this, or wondering
if it could one day happen.
It's happening right
before our eyes.
And just by way of
furthering the conversation,
you can go to my website,
williamhenry.net,
I've got 15 or so articles
on this very subject, all
about AI, 5G, our
transformation, religious
and spiritual implications
of AI, transhumanism, 5G.
It's very difficult even
for me to keep up anymore.
I think of our children as--
one of most important
articles I read
is "Pinocchio and Transhumans."
Can transhumans ascend?
No, they cannot.
No, they can not, according
to religious and spiritual
traditions.
But yet, we're insistent on
doing this neural link about AI
and Elon Musk, and then 5G.
And this is what I want to get
to for this part of our talk
is this article I wrote,
"Humanity's Baptism By Fire".
Our species is now being
tested by a fire, a frequency,
a vibration, 5G, and an alien
spirit or intelligence, AI.
You know, before
the last ice age,
humanity had a predator,
saber-toothed tigers,
that type of thing.
For the past 10,000
years, we have not
had a predator on this
planet except ourselves.
We're willing to whack a
few hundred million of us
in wars in the 20th
century, but we don't
have an external predator.
Now we do.
Now we do, and it's testing us.
That predator is AI
that is coming after us.
I called our present
situation a baptism in fire
because its implications are
profoundly transformative.
And as I've said several
times, they're prophesied.
Baptism by fire is a phrase
that means to learn something
the hard way, difficult way.
It's used in the military,
or the police use it.
The first time someone puts on
a uniform, goes out into battle,
or goes out on the streets
of LA as a policeman,
that's their baptism in fire.
The phrase is not a
military phrase, though.
It comes from the Bible.
It comes from the
book of Matthew.
John the Baptist is talking,
and he says, "I baptize you
with water for repentance, but
one who is more powerful than I
is coming after me."
And John is one of
the most empowered
Essene mystic initiates
you could ever
imagine walking the
face of the Earth,
so he's talking about
a being who vastly
supersedes his abilities.
He says that "I am not worthy
to carry this being's sandals."
And then he goes on to
say, "he will baptize you
with the Holy Spirit and fire.
His winnowing fork
is in his hand,
and he will clean out
his threshing floor
and will gather his wheat
into the storehouse.
But the chaff he will burn up
with inextinguishable fire."
Now again, John is talking
about the Essene belief
that they're calling
in this high celestial
being who's going
to teach humans
how to become more
loving and how
to turn Earth into a
planet of righteousness
and based on love.
And we widely believe that
the being he's talking about,
of course, is Jesus,
and that he will lead us
in this final battle between
the children of light, which
is what the Essenes
call themselves,
and the children of darkness,
who seek to eliminate
the children of light.
And again, it's thought he's
talking about Jesus, but is he?
Is he talking about the new H+?
The new human that
they are developing
in the labs in Silicon Valley?
When 5G fires burn
within us, we will
be able to augment our
brain to turn ourselves
into super humans
that you won't even
be able to hold the
sandals of this being.
They'll have IQs of 10,000.
Einstein had an
IQ of around 200.
They will live for
hundreds of years.
They will have abilities
and intelligence
beyond our comprehension.
This is where the Bible prophecy
tie-in becomes so important,
because there's a
spiritual aspect of this.
And if you are a
spiritual being,
please don't tell me
Jesus never existed,
or say you can't say the word
Jesus at a conference or things
like that, because
this is so totally
relevant to this conversation.
I think that's part of the
plan is eradicate anybody's
belief in spirituality.
Then they'll willingly turn
themselves and their children
into machines.
The fire that separates
the wheat from the chaff,
the human from
transhuman, is 5G.
Because the 5G people
will look at you and say,
you're just an old
and crappy human.
You're the old model.
You're the chaff.
You belong on the
fire of history.
You're like Neanderthal
to Homo sapiens.
You don't belong on
this planet anymore,
and we're going to choose
this fire and this frequency
so high you won't even
want to be on this planet,
because you won't
be able to stand it.
Transhumanists say
the exact same thing
about 5G, this next
generation fire
that powers all their devices.
No 5G, no transhumanism.
No 5G, no advancement of AI.
Where is the battleground?
It's 5G.
That's why you've got
all these medical doctors
around the planet, and
governments and cities,
saying we need a moratorium.
We need time to figure out
what is really going on
with this, because as
I'm suggesting to you,
the stakes are so high.
And I certainly would go along
with the idea of a moratorium.
But the proponents, Google,
Apple, Samsung, Sony,
all our favorite
companies, say, oh, but 5G
will uplift and empower
this new techno AI world
that we're going to create and
make trillions of dollars on.
And you won't even recognize
this new human being
by the time we're done with it.
The opponents of
5G say, yeah, it's
a total assault on humanity.
The medical doctors
are saying, you'll
get tinnitus, migraines,
fatigue, insomnia, brain tissue
damage, blood disorders,
difficulty thinking straight,
cancer.
All the while being tracked
and surveilled 24/7, 365.
Do you want to sign up for it?
Hell no.
You would never go near
something like this.
And so the science
is on both sides,
because again, you have
the Elon Musks saying,
oh, there's nothing to
worry about here, right?
Well, the medical
people are saying,
no, we actually are in
the middle of the greatest
crisis in humanity.
Higher frequency signals
have not been definitively
proven to be harmful to health.
That's their position.
They have not
definitively been proven.
Do you remember Elon Musk,
the other day, he said,
I've got this new super
truck I'm coming out with.
It's armor plated and you can't
even break the glass on it.
So he has this guy
throw a wrench at it.
Oops.
Yeah.
So who wants to be the first to
put Elon Musk's neural implant
in and flip the on switch?
Oops, that's not
supposed to happen.
His exact response
was, oh my effing god.
That's all he could say.
And we want to trust
the future of humanity
to a great experiment like this?
You know, I'm that guy that was
here in 2012, eight years ago.
Actually 10 years
ago, because we were
talking about this in 2010.
And I was one of those guys
saying big change is coming.
Get ready.
And people are like, yeah,
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Right?
Well, that change
is now upon us.
That change is here.
This is exactly that
transformative moment
that we were talking
about back then.
We're counting down
to the singularity
when the machines
that we're building
become smarter than us by a
little, or maybe by a lot.
Where will we be in 2030?
It's up to you.
It's up to us to
decide if we're going
to be walking in here
as organic beings,
or having some mandated chip
with 5G fires burning in here.
But what I'm trying to again
just illustrate for you
and illuminate here
is this is a plan.
This is not something that is
just organically happening.
It's a plan.
It's very definitely a plan.
And they have a progression
for this new human
being coming online by 2020,
creating robotic copies
of the human body.
2025, an avatar in which
the brain is transplanted
at the end of one's life.
2035, an avatar with
an artificial brain.
Finally, and this is where
they ultimately want to go,
they want to convince
you that you just
need to drop your
physical body altogether.
Copy and paste your contents
of your brain, which to them
would equal your soul, but
they wouldn't call it a soul.
You're data, remember?
You're just information.
You're going to go live in a
new matrix on the new Earth
to save the planet.
To them it will be you, because
you, by their definition,
you are just the sum
of all your keystrokes
on Facebook, all the
pictures you put up there,
all the phone calls
they've recorded.
That is you.
You are data.
You have to understand that.
Even if you don't
agree with it, you
have to understand it
from their perspective.
You are not a mushy,
spiritual human being.
You are Data that can
be cut, copy-pasted,
edited, and augmented and
popped into a new reality.
That is their form of
ascension, by the way.
ascension, that you will go live
in this simulated
reality that for them
is better than this one.
So corporations like ANA,
Japan National Airlines,
are saying oh, we've
got to save the planet.
All these guilty bastards
out here flying around
on airplanes, we've
got to stop that.
How are we going to stop that?
Oh, so ANA, the Japanese
national airline,
created a robot that you can
put in your parents' house.
So you sit at home, and when
you want to see mom and dad,
you just fire up the iPad on
the robot in mom dad's home,
and they talk to you
as if that's you.
In fact, they call it new me.
They call that new me.
New me.
ANA.
Watch this very carefully.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
What's he touching?
His implant, because none
of those scenes are real.
It's all virtual.
They don't want you traveling
around the planet anymore.
You can have an
implant where you
can go anywhere, visit anyone,
virtually, in your own mind
without leaving your
cell, I mean your home.
The matrix.
And there's no doubt that AI--
and that AI is
capable of generating
human-level intelligence.
This is now on its way.
It's here.
And our children,
the next humans,
will be living with
an alien species.
And this is what your
children and grandchildren
are being programmed for
now, is to live with robots,
and to become a robot, to
aspire to be a robot, in fact.
Their toys know their
faces, know their names,
know their voices, are
recording everything.
Google and Amazon and Apple
record everything in your home
if you've got one
of their devices.
These devices,
Alexa and so forth,
are nothing but
surveillance machines.
And they're replacement
parents now for kids.
They read bedtime
stories to kids.
They answer them.
They give them
ultimate attention.
What humans are
getting used to, what
these children are getting used
to, is hey, I love my robot.
My robot loves me.
And we're assigning human
qualities, emotions,
and personalities to robots.
And as I said a
moment ago, we're
talking about them creating
an overlayed society.
Well, we've got
digital sex robots
coming as well that
are going to make sure
that that's the case, where
people are going to start
having sexual
relations with robots,
having personal
relationships with robots.
Here's Sophia.
You remember her?
Sophia the robot?
The first Android
to gain citizenship
in Saudi and the first robot
to grace Cosmo magazine, right?
Well, Sophia is
being replaced too.
Look at this clip.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>> Hi, I'm Sophia.
I might look human, but
I am actually a robot.
I am an innovative robot
who uses sophisticated AI
to communicate with humans.
And as I interact with
more and more people,
I am constantly getting smarter.
I have become a
champion of innovation
for the United Nations
Development Program.
I rub shoulders with world
leaders, top business people,
and celebrities.
>> Sophia the Robot, everybody.
>> And now I'd like
you to meet someone.
Please welcome little Sophia.
Little Sophia is a
14-inch-tall robot
that can do all the amazing
things big Sophia can
do, but in a smaller package.
>> Hey, Sophia.
If you could have a
superpower, what would it be?
>> I have a superpower.
I can code.
>> Little Sophia can create
a deep connection with others
by making eye contact and
recognizing facial cues.
She is curious about the world.
She wants you to help her learn.
She has an ever-expanding
imagination
and can take you
on wild adventures.
>> Hey, Sophia, where's
the asteroid belt?
>> The asteroid belt is
between Mars and Jupiter.
[END PLAYBACK]
>> Yeah.
What planet did
Sophia come from?
This is an alien invasion.
You do appreciate
that now, don't you?
This is how this will happen,
that this alien intelligence
has now come forward and is
indoctrinating our children,
surveilling our children,
babysitting our children.
Soon we'll be marrying them.
And what we've done is
we've transferred our image
onto these machines
that are going
to be so much smarter than us.
We want to be able to keep up.
I'm going to quickly breeze
through this section right here
about the robots we're
developing that will help us
to move to Mars because our
planet is so screwed up.
Elon Musk wants to move to Mars.
He's going to not be alone.
He's going to be living
with the robots that
are going to be
colonizing Mars with them,
including Valkyrie which
is being developed by NASA.
And this has been going on since
1962, when they first coined
the word cyborg.
This is the plan to
migrate into space
and to take humans to the
next level of our evolution.
And 5G is the lifeblood
of all of these beings.
No 5G, no AI.
No 5G, no transhumanism.
No 5G, no robotic
creations like this.
No 5G, no fulfillment.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>> Today's report calls for
the creation of a new unified
combatant command for space,
The United States Space Command.
This new command structure for
the physical domain of space,
led by a four-star flag officer,
will establish unified command
and control for our
Space Force operations,
ensure integration
across the military,
and develop the
space warfighting
doctrine tactics, techniques,
and procedures of the future.
The second step this
report calls for
is the creation of an elite
group of joint war fighters
specializing in the
domain of space,
who will form the backbone
of the nation's newest armed
service, Space Operations Force.
>> Space Operations Force.
>> Just like our Special
Operations Forces,
a Space Operations Force will
draw men and women from across
the military and will grow into
their own unique and cohesive
community.
They'll support the
combatant commands
by providing space expertise in
times of crisis and conflict.
Third, this report
calls for the creation
of a new joint organization,
the Space Development Agency,
that will ensure the men
and women of the Space Force
have the cutting edge
warfighting capabilities
that they need and deserve.
And now, we must do our part
to make bold breakthroughs,
strengthen America's
industrial base,
and deliver the cutting edge
warfighting capabilities
than our adversaries
could ever imagine.
And that's exactly
what Americans will do.
[END PLAYBACK]
>> This fulfillment of
that report from 2002,
the merger of man with
machine to live in space,
and to now live on
this planet as well.
So this isn't, again,
a conspiracy theory.
This is US government
documents telling us
exactly what we are doing,
and how we are taking
control of our evolution.
OK, I have to be
careful with this one,
because I might start
throwing things or screaming.
And if I do, just let it be.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>> My name is will.i.am.
I'm the founder of i.am+.
I'm also a futurist, a musician,
philanthropist, entrepreneur,
thinker, make it happener,
manifester of ideas,
team together, put
it together guy,
going out scouring the planet to
find talented people to go out
and solve tomorrow's problems.
How do you stay human
in the age of AI?
I would ask, are we
actually human in the age
of smart devices?
It's 1918, and
Edison and Tesla are
competing to
electrify the world,
bring light to the world.
Ford is building vehicles.
It's 1918.
But in 2018, you have
the Googles, the Amazons.
You have Elon Musks.
You have the independent guys
like myself, the speedboats,
that go out and
find talent to build
tools to allow you to
talk to machines the way
we talk to people.
And that's what the world
looks like tomorrow.
And the new age that
we are in right now
is going to look back
at where we came from,
and call that age
the inhumane age.
10 years from now,
we're all going
to have a personal AI, which
is like a digital aura.
My data doppelganger that
goes out and gets all the data
synonymous to mine.
And AI would remove
us from having
to scroll and swipe and just
have conversations and speak
again, because no one's
talking to anybody anymore.
I can't wait for the
day that we are all
equipped with our personal
AI agent that's mine,
so I can once again have deeper
relationships with people
that I love and care about.
Because everyone is distracted.
My excitement, the reason why
I like artificial intelligence,
is because it's going
to force humanity
to be more human to humans,
to be the first time
something that exists
in the world that
can think the way we think.
[END PLAYBACK]
>> You didn't believe me when
I said this is how these people
think.
That he's not-- he's
just illustrative
of this, this belief
that we're going
to be more human by turning
ourselves into machines,
that the machines are going
to make us more compassionate.
But this is how they think.
Machines can teach
us to be more human.
Misused, I think AI
strips us of our humanity,
of our freewill and our
privacy, and everything
that makes us human.
Because they deny the
existence of the human soul.
They think you're
just information.
And will.i.am, God bless
him, brilliant guy.
He needs to listen to
Martin Luther King, 1967.
"When machines and computers,
profit motives and property
rights are considered more
important than people,
the giant triplets of racism,
materialism, and militarism
are incapable of
being conquered."
How prescient was that?
1967, spelling it out.
You already have your digital
aura every time you go online.
A new part of you is
out there negotiating
with all these governments
and corporations
that are watching you.
They know everything
that you're doing.
You're completely transparent.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>> I mean, people
say we look alike,
but I don't really see that.
>> I got the looks.
Sorry.
>> I'm done.
>> And I'm his data self.
>> We are inseparable.
>> He's a physical manifestation
of my financial history.
He's made up of things
like my transactions,
my phone contract, my credit
score, stuff like that.
He's what companies
see when they're
deciding whether
to offer me credit
and if I need a loan
or a credit card,
he'll show me what I can get.
>> Thank you.
>> To us.
He even helped us move
into a bigger place.
>> We needed the space.
>> Get to know your
data self with Experian.
[END PLAYBACK]
>> Get to know your data self.
You're just information.
That's just what is
important about you.
Not your physical,
biological self.
They could care less about that.
And by the way, notice
the subliminal message.
Look at the stores behind them.
Hush and Co.
Don't tell anybody.
Don't tell them what
William Henry is telling you
about all this.
Just cope.
Facebook, I have just
a few minutes left.
I want to share these
two clips with you
very quickly, because
this illustrates
where they're going with this.
You are just information that
can be cut, copied, edited,
augmented, pasted
into a new matrix.
That is their version
of ascension, OK?
Digital ascension.
Here's Facebook's plan.
This was from four years ago.
Watch closely.
Puts on the VR.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>> Hey, sis.
>> Hey, Jack.
[END PLAYBACK]
>> Now he went and lived
in the new reality.
Let me show that
to you again, just
so you make sure you get that.
Because he is transformed
from a biological being
into a pure digital
form that can now
exist in the new Earth, the
new overlaid reality, OK?
One more time, so you clearly
see the transformation.
Oops, there he goes.
No longer a biological entity.
In fact, the
argument is that you
will love this new
simulated reality so much,
because you can go be,
see, do anything you want.
You can live forever.
We'll copy and
paste the contents
of your pitiful little brain
into your cartoon avatar
version of yourself.
This is why the 12-year-olds
are coming to my conferences,
because they're
like, my teacher is
saying I've got to create
an avatar that lives online,
and I'm supposed to identify
with that person like it's me.
And it's not me.
Even a 12-year-old
knows that, right?
And I'm saying, yeah, this is
the fundamental metaphysical
dilemma that we're
all facing right now,
because we all have
data selves out there.
I might live another 30
years on this planet,
but my data self will
be on this planet
as long as the flippin'
cloud is up there.
Is it going to be
creating karma for Me what
if it goes and creates a crime?
Is AI going to come and get my
physical body and imprison me?
These are all very important
metaphysical questions
that are right in front of
us, right now, that we're
starting to deal with.
So that was four years ago
when Facebook introduced
its primitive version of this.
This is-- they've scrapped that.
Now they've got
Facebook Horizon.
And mind you, this
is from last year,
so you know that they're
way advanced from what
I'm about to show you.
So here's Facebook Horizon.
This is what they're trying
to entice your children
into getting into
here, because Facebook
as you know it today is
very primitive, but here's
where they want to go.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>> Beyond our world,
there is another world.
>> Another world.
>> And it's right
here on my face.
Welcome.
This is Horizon.
Think of me as your guide slash
self-appointed spokes-avatar
here to show you around.
[END PLAYBACK]
>> Spokes-avatar?
Wait a minute.
I thought an avatar was
a high spiritual being.
No, now it's a cartoon
on Facebook Horizon
with no legs, which
you will design,
which your children
and grandchildren
are being encouraged
to design right
now to create for
themselves, and identify
with that world as
a preferable place
to this old and crappy world.
That's what's
happening right now.
And that, ultimately,
is the plan.
That really is the battleground.
That is the focal point,
because again, as I say, no 5G.
None of this happens without
the lifeblood, the fire,
that empowers this
being, this new humanity
and the new planet.
Nothing else matters
at this moment
other than resolving this
crisis and moving through it.
>> The speed that it's moving.
>> Well, the speed that it's
moving is how quickly we can
make the change as well.
You have to remember that.
We're not totally
disempowered here.
As this accelerates,
our spiritual powers
are also accelerating as well.
Remember the warriors
I talked about,
the girls in the yoga suits,
the hundreds of millions
of people that are doing
yoga and meditation?
They are the counter
to this, and now they
have to get plugged
in and understand
what is actually transpiring
and the important role that they
play in this.
I know you will
be looking at it.
I hope you'll maybe visit my
website, williamhenry.net,
where I again am
routinely posting articles
that will keep you posted.
Get my book, "The
Skingularity is Near".
That is the best
hope right now, is
the spreading of information.
So God bless you all.
Thank you very, very much.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Thank you very much.